it's your girl Sara peachy reporting
live from Toronto Canada today I'm doing
something that I never do I'm training
in my peachy sleeves for a dress and if
you want to know why I'm getting so
fancy you have to wait till the second
half of this video who needed to get on
this floor and then I saw Fallon and
toads not just playing a piano it was
like oh my goodness there's an event
over here and now people are getting off
the elevator
so another person has copped some peachy
merch for the big reveal way okay here
we go there's enough oh my gosh is Elle
Mills herself you are rocking that
peachy merch
I gave the second peach emerge shirt to
someone very special and it's me see I'm
not hot I'm a terrible I was just
talking to Elle about how polished and
amazing her videos are like and I can't
even and her name is now that we haven't
done this before your videos are amazing
how would you describe them how about I
scare them they're like a reality TV
show but like it feels like a comedy
skit by mom else and today I'm getting
my first tattoo and I don't know what it
is you put your handle on me it's sewn
mom this is for you dinner one time but
you never home like how you leave me a
baby J alone I guess you raised me and
paid for the table but now
the one who puts food on the table I
know you probably get this a lot but if
you guys watch david dobrik vlogs
they're kind of similar yes I can't put
on two words I can't describe just how
funny and just you need favor they
really are so two people out there who
may be more interested and scripted
content or more just like less vloggy
stuff how do you organize what you're
gonna shoot in your heads you write
stuff out you script it you just come up
with an idea yeah okay so usually the
most important thing is that the title
has to be like like a WoW title right so
you start what this pack title is the
first thing that have to find the people
to be in the video and then it goes I
kind of just go with the flow make sure
that it will be at least four minutes
long in my head when I go ahead so you
mentioned people in your videos are
those friends first are they just people
like you know what you're funny I know
you from a mutual do you want to be am I
gotta pay you money drink they're all
like people from like my hometown and so
like they're using family members
friends
or yet somehow know them from my life
basically you're just like I'm gonna
leave you in this yeah I'm like I stop
what you're like at this hip
usually it all down just because they
don't love right there
right so I've seen some like wild things
on your videos and they're fun yeah
they're amazing
are there people out there that truly
believes like every single one of your
videos aren't completely true okay get
on your normal blog yeah yeah I'd say
yeah there's definitely some because a
lot of my videos like they feel okay
there's half of them that feel fake
right but they're genuine reveal so it's
like hard to tell the difference right
right so I get it I'd say my biggest
thing is dude I do these videos we call
it with Joey candy
I mean I think my kooky people think
we're genuinely dated
and he has a girlfriend like it's the
joke and people get mad they're like
you're a homewrecker and I'm like oh my
butt is a weird line
yeah I'm the triggyhand it's over -
right you can't tell the different it's
real or not exactly and especially like
the Paul Brothers stuff they're highly
entertaining but a lot of it is like
completely fake up in the hardcore fans
that don't realize
and I feel like they're living to some
unrealistic expectation of life you know
it's tease their own like some people
like watching wrestling right I meant a
posse is this analogy so I feel they're
using it too but he like he says that
you know it's fake with wrestling but
you still find it entertaining so it's
what you want make you watch TV shows
like the Noda scripted right it's like
to the point where like I don't know
thinking like beef and like right that's
where I think it's like but is
entertaining to watch yeah it is Tim
Hortons Tim Hortons it's like cheap
starbug the only thing good there is Tim
bit so it's like doughnut holes okay
okay you say about the Canadian way
Abell i oh no you okay you have to go to
the east coast
okay a boot i say a lot oh no way okay
give me an example
all right really that's crazy eh ah yeh
the other thing I have noticed here is
people don't early jaywalk in New York
when there isn't a car at all no matter
what the sign says you just about even
if the tax is gonna run you over you
just go
so we're re-enacting something that just
happens
so glad I'm back in the hotel that was
fine okay
yeah what is it KC tweeted you oh we
need your that you got your shirt
wearing duck a chamber what a crazy
situation yeah it's just a genuine
reaction thank you that makes me so so
come on prepping it we're in an elevator
and L is just too famous we're just
taking all the pictures no this is the
final peach shirt I have and it is going
to this lovely human peachy much PG okay
introduce yourself I'm Anna I'm part of
the sci-fi examle I'm 104 whatever y'all
have the most beautiful family ever I
mean guys they are goals and my family's
a little bit obsessed you know okay so
when i get more i'm gonna hook the whole
thing oh my gosh you do a little ones
hurt ass
Oh got a second never wear dresses but
for those special occasions what is
tonight it is the buffer festival bad
car back okay I am in the dress ready
for the events
I love jeans guys I love jeans so much I
could sleep and skinny jeans I'm very
passionate about jeans boys wearing them
dresses you know they're often tight yes
second so like so many hours and oh my
goodness man enough yeah oh it's your
boy oh my gosh and we're matching oh
what's up baby pretty people getting
ready
for the premiere and the most pretty
Peter what is that please explain to me
what this big house it's outside no my
blogging camera I have a really strong
brown lenses 1605 - a road bike
Jovie huge battery look at the factory
oh yeah
I am
[Music]
I feel like an idiot
arts makes the world
[Music]